README.md, before:

# Yet Another Awesome List

[![Website](https://img.shields.io/website?url=https%3A%2F%2F0xWelt.github.io%2Fyaal%2F&label=Live%20Site)](https://0xWelt.github.io/yaal/)
[![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/0xWelt/yaal?style=social)](https://github.com/0xWelt/yaal)
[![GitHub forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/0xWelt/yaal?style=social)](https://github.com/0xWelt/yaal/fork)
[![License: CC BY 4.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-CC%20BY%204.0-lightgrey.svg)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)
[![Awesome](https://awesome.re/badge.svg)](https://awesome.re)

A meta awesome list of awesome lists generated by this project (yaal)

🌐 **Live Website**: [https://0xWelt.github.io/yaal/](https://0xWelt.github.io/yaal/)

## Table of Contents

- [Yet Another Awesome List](#yet-another-awesome-list)
  - [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [Artificial Intelligence](#artificial-intelligence)
    - [Large Language Models](#large-language-models)
      - [Awesome-Vibe-Coding](#awesome-vibe-coding)
  - [Star History](#star-history)
  - [Contributors](#contributors)
  - [License](#license)

## Artificial Intelligence

> Curated collection of AI-related awesome lists covering artificial intelligence tools, resources, and learning materials.

### Large Language Models

> Resources and tools specifically focused on large language models and AI-assisted development workflows.

#### [Awesome-Vibe-Coding](https://github.com/0xWelt/Awesome-Vibe-Coding)

"Awesome-Vibe-Coding" is a curated list of open-source projects, tools, and learning resources for vibe coding. It covers various categories including development toolkits, web-based IDEs, cloud-based agents, and learning resources, aiming to facilitate modern software development with AI assistance.

## Star History

[![Star History Chart](https://api.star-history.com/svg?repos=0xWelt/yaal&type=Date)](https://star-history.com/#0xWelt/yaal&Date)

## Contributors

This project exists thanks to all the people who contribute.

<a href="https://github.com/0xWelt/yaal/graphs/contributors">
  <img src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=0xWelt/yaal" />
</a>

## License

[![Creative Commons License](http://i.creativecommons.org/l/by/4.0/88x31.png)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)

This work is licensed under a
[Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).

Commit message:

Add Awesome-LLM-RL to README.md

README.md, after:

# Yet Another Awesome List

[![Website](https://img.shields.io/website?url=https%3A%2F%2F0xWelt.github.io%2Fyaal%2F&label=Live%20Site)](https://0xWelt.github.io/yaal/)
[![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/0xWelt/yaal?style=social)](https://github.com/0xWelt/yaal)
[![GitHub forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/0xWelt/yaal?style=social)](https://github.com/0xWelt/yaal/fork)
[![License: CC BY 4.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-CC%20BY%204.0-lightgrey.svg)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)
[![Awesome](https://awesome.re/badge.svg)](https://awesome.re)

A meta awesome list of awesome lists generated by this project (yaal)

🌐 **Live Website**: [https://0xWelt.github.io/yaal/](https://0xWelt.github.io/yaal/)

## Table of Contents

- [Yet Another Awesome List](#yet-another-awesome-list)
  - [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [Artificial Intelligence](#artificial-intelligence)
    - [Large Language Models](#large-language-models)
      - [Awesome-Vibe-Coding](#awesome-vibe-coding)
      - [Awesome-LLM-RL](#awesome-llm-rl)
  - [Star History](#star-history)
  - [Contributors](#contributors)
  - [License](#license)

## Artificial Intelligence

> Curated collection of AI-related awesome lists covering artificial intelligence tools, resources, and learning materials.

### Large Language Models

> Resources and tools specifically focused on large language models and AI-assisted development workflows.

#### [Awesome-Vibe-Coding](https://github.com/0xWelt/Awesome-Vibe-Coding)

"Awesome-Vibe-Coding" is a curated list of open-source projects, tools, and learning resources for vibe coding. It covers various categories including development toolkits, web-based IDEs, cloud-based agents, and learning resources, aiming to facilitate modern software development with AI assistance.

#### [Awesome-LLM-RL](https://github.com/0xWelt/Awesome-LLM-RL)

A curated list of open-source projects, tools, and learning resources about Reinforcement Learning with LLMs, featuring frameworks like OpenRLHF built on Ray, vLLM, ZeRO-3 and HuggingFace Transformers.

## Star History

[![Star History Chart](https://api.star-history.com/svg?repos=0xWelt/yaal&type=Date)](https://star-history.com/#0xWelt/yaal&Date)

## Contributors

This project exists thanks to all the people who contribute.

<a href="https://github.com/0xWelt/yaal/graphs/contributors">
  <img src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=0xWelt/yaal" />
</a>

## License

[![Creative Commons License](http://i.creativecommons.org/l/by/4.0/88x31.png)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)

This work is licensed under a
[Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).
